docs: add two-backends OAuth page for jwksBackendRef (#890)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: assets/kgw-docs/pages/security/oauth/two-backends.md

> By default, the OAuth2 provider uses the same `backendRef` for both the OAuth2 token endpoint and the JWKS endpoint. However, some identity providers (e.g., Amazon Cognito) host these endpoints on different domains.

Reviewer: Avoid Latin abbreviations like `e.g.`
```suggestion
By default, the OAuth2 provider uses the same `backendRef` for both the OAuth2 token endpoint and the JWKS endpoint. However, some identity providers such as Amazon Cognito host these endpoints on different domains.
```

The `jwksBackendRef` field in `OAuth2JWTConfig` lets you specify a separate backend for fetching JWKS, enabling more flexible network routing and certificate management.

## Prerequisites

> Before using this feature, ensure you have completed the [OAuth2/OIDC integration guide]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/security/extauth/oauth2/" >}}).

Reviewer: Can remove this since we have the before you begin later
```suggestion

```

## When to use a separate JWKS backend

- When the JWKS endpoint is on a different domain than the token endpoint
- When you need different network policies or TLS settings for JWKS fetching

> - When the JWKS endpoint requires different authentication or authorization

Reviewer: sentence case
```suggestion
- When the JWKS endpoint is on a different domain than the token endpoint.
- When you need different network policies or TLS settings for JWKS fetching.
- When the JWKS endpoint requires different authentication or authorization.
```

## Before you begin

> {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/prereq.md" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/prereq.md" >}}
2. Complete the [OAuth2/OIDC guide]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/security/extauth/oauth2/" >}}).
```

Reviewer: Another idea, this link is to a security/extauth/oauth2 guide, but perhaps that should be moved to this OAuth section since it is an OAuth guide.

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: This section is not exactly a guide, it reads more like an extended reference. If they completed the OAuth guide as a prereq, perhaps turn this into steps that build off that, updating the actual resources that were created as part of that guide and/or adding another backend here.

By default, the OAuth2 provider uses the same `backendRef` for both the OAuth2 token endpoint and the JWKS endpoint. However, some identity providers such as Amazon Cognito host these endpoints on different domains.

The `jwksBackendRef` field in `OAuth2JWTConfig` lets you specify a separate backend for fetching JWKS, enabling more flexible network routing and certificate management.

## When to use a separate JWKS backend

- When the JWKS endpoint is on a different domain than the token endpoint.
- When you need different network policies or TLS settings for JWKS fetching.
- When the JWKS endpoint requires different authentication or authorization.

## Before you begin

1. {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/prereq.md" >}}

> 2. Complete the [OAuth2/OIDC guide](/docs/envoy/latest/security/extauth/oauth2/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Complete the [OAuth2/OIDC guide]({{< link-hextra path="/security/extauth/oauth2/" >}}).
```

## Configure separate backends

To configure separate backends for the token endpoint and JWKS fetching, update your existing OAuth2 `GatewayExtension` with a `jwksBackendRef` field.

### Step 1: Verify your primary backend

Your existing `GatewayExtension` already has a `backendRef` that points to your OAuth2 provider's token endpoint. This remains unchanged. The primary backend is used for:

- Token endpoint
- Authorization endpoint
- End session endpoint

> 

Reviewer: Since we modify the GatewayExtension in the next step, I would add a step to get the yaml output of the GatewayExtension and save it as a file, then Step 2 can open that file and add the jwksBackendRef field to it.

Something like:
```suggestion
kubectl get gatewayextension keycloak-oauth2 -n {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/namespace.md >}} -o yaml > gatewayextension-oauth2.yaml
```

### Step 2: Add a JWKS backend

Add the `jwksBackendRef` field to your `GatewayExtension` to specify a dedicated backend for JWKS fetching:

```yaml
jwksBackendRef:

>   kind: Backend

Reviewer: Use shortcodes so that the content can be reused downstream
```suggestion
  kind: {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}
```

>   group: gateway.kgateway.dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  group: {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/gatewayparam-group.md" >}}
```

  name: cognito-jwks
```
{{< callout type="info" >}}
If you don't set jwksBackendRef, the gateway uses the primary backendRef for JWKS requests, maintaining backward compatibility.
{{< /callout >}}

### Step 3: Define the JWKS Backend resource

Create a Backend resource that points to your JWKS endpoint:

```yaml

> apiVersion: gateway.kgateway.dev/v1alpha1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apiVersion: {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/gatewayparam-apiversion.md" >}}
```

> kind: Backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kind: {{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/backend.md" >}}
```

spec:
  type: Static
  static:
    hosts:
    - host: cognito-idp.us-east-1.amazonaws.com
      port: 443
```

## Verify the configuration

After deploying the GatewayExtension, verify that the JWKS is fetched from the correct backend.

**Send a request with a valid token**:

{{< tabs tabTotal="2" items="Cloud Provider LoadBalancer,Port-forward for local testing" >}}
{{% tab tabName="Cloud Provider LoadBalancer" %}}

```sh
curl -vik http://$INGRESS_GW_ADDRESS:8080/headers \
  -H "host: www.example.com:8080" \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab tabName="Port-forward for local testing" %}}

```sh
curl -vik localhost:8080/headers \
  -H "host: www.example.com:8080" \
  --header "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN"
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

**Expected output**:

```text
< HTTP/1.1 200 OK
```

If the JWKS is fetched correctly, you should see a 200 OK response.

### Backward Compatibility

The `jwksBackendRef` field is **optional**. If not specified, the gateway uses the parent `backendRef` for JWKS fetching, maintaining compatibility with existing configurations.

## Cleanup

{{< reuse "kgw-docs/snippets/cleanup.md" >}}

> Delete the GatewayExtension, TrafficPolicy, and Backend resources that you created in this guide.

Reviewer: Did we use a TrafficPolicy in this guide?
